Skip to main content [ ](/) More

  * Working at McKesson
    * [About McKesson](/about-mckesson)
    * [Culture and Values](/culture-and-values)
    * [Benefits](/benefits)
    * [Inclusion & Belonging](/inclusion)
    * [Hiring Process](/hiring-process)
    * [Early Talent](/early-talent)
    * [Veteran Opportunities](/veterans-military)
  * Brands
    * [Ontada](https://www.ontada.com/company/careers)
    * [CoverMyMeds](https://www.covermymeds.health/)
    * [Genospace](https://www.genospace.com/careers)
  * Career Opportunities
    * [Customer Service & Relations](/client-and-customer-services-jobs)
    * [Business & Strategy](/corporate-jobs)
    * [Distribution Operations](/distribution-operations)
    * [Medical & Medical Research](/medical-and-medical-research-jobs)
    * [Marketing & Sales](/sales-and-sales-operations-jobs)
    * [Information Technology](/technology-jobs)
    * [ Internships & Early Careers ](https://careers.mckesson.com/en/early-talent)
  * [McKesson.com](https://www.mckesson.com)
  * [Talent Community](https://talentcommunity.mckesson.com/flows/talentcommunity)
  * EN

    * [ EN ](/en/job/irving/salesforce-platform-director/733/83587109312)
    * [ FR-CA ](/fr-ca/emploi/irving/salesforce-platform-director/733/83587109312)

Search Jobs Search Jobs

Search Jobs

Keyword

Location

Radius Radius 5 mi 15 mi 25 mi 35 mi 50 mi

Search [Saved Jobs](/saved-jobs)

#  Tomorrow’s health is… Tackling challenges no one else can.

## Salesforce Platform Director

Irving, Texas

**Job ID** JR0132744 See Job Responsibilities

[Apply](https://mckesson.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Careers/job/USA-TX-
Irving/Salesforce-Platform-Director_JR0132744-1/apply) Save Job

Jump To:  ________

  * Success Profile
  * Culture Points
  * Benefits
  * Responsibility

## Success Profile

What makes a successful Salesforce Platform Director? Here are the top traits.

  * Conceptual
  * Proactive
  * Problem-Solver
  * Strategic
  * Technologically Savvy
  * Visual Thinker

Back to nav

## Culture

### Accomplish

Make a meaningful impact by using your problem-solving skills to push the
boundaries of innovation in healthcare, while maintaining a healthy work-life
balance.

### Innovate

Foster a digital mindset to drive IT transformation across McKesson through
our evolving data and technology tools.

### Grow

Join a supportive environment where you can advance your career and develop
both personally and professionally.

Back to nav

## Benefits

  * __

### Coverage you can rely on

    * Medical, Dental, and Vision
    * Health Spending Accounts
    * Flexible Spending Accounts
  * __

### Benefits that go beyond your base pay

    * 401(k) (U.S.)
    * Pension (Canada)
    * Employee Stock Purchase Plan
  * __

### Support for total well-being

    * Mental Health Programs
    * Flexible Schedules
    * Paid Time Off
    * Wellness Program
    * Education Reimbursement
    * Volunteer Opportunities
    * Flexible Work Environment
  * __

### A global leader of inclusion

McKesson’s commitment to diversity and inclusion starts at the top. We have
also been named a Best Employer for Diversity by Forbes.

Back to nav

## Responsibility

McKesson is an impact-driven, Fortune 10 company that touches virtually every
aspect of healthcare. We are known for delivering insights, products, and
services that make quality care more accessible and affordable. Here, we focus
on the health, happiness, and well-being of you and those we serve – we care.

What you do at McKesson matters. We foster a culture where you can grow, make
an impact, and are empowered to bring new ideas. Together, we thrive as we
shape the future of health for patients, our communities, and our people. If
you want to be part of tomorrow’s health today, we want to hear from you.

**Job Title: Salesforce Platform Director**

The **Salesforce Platform Director** is end-to-end accountable for delivery of
Salesforce portfolio of initiatives for Enterprise Salesforce team. Reporting
to the Vice President of Salesforce CRM IT Services Leader. This Salesforce
Platform Director will play a crucial role in driving the strategic and
tactical direction of the Salesforce platform and its integration with other
systems. This role requires strong technical leadership skills, excellent
communication and collaboration abilities, and a deep understanding of
Salesforce capabilities.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Strong in Salesforce platform management overseeing the capabilities of Data Architecture, DevOps and Risk Management.
  * Develop and execute technology roadmaps for the Salesforce platform, ensuring alignment with organizational goals and objectives.
  * Manage the budget and planning for Salesforce-related expenses.
  * Mentor and manage a team responsible for data standardization, data quality, integration, talent development, testing and automation, business continuity, access control and risk mitigation functions. 
  * Deliver technology solutions that enhance employee and customer experiences, while adhering to industry standards and best practices.
  * Collaborate with business and IT stakeholders to manage demand and identify opportunities for process optimization and digitization.
  * Stay up-to-date with new features and functionality provided by Salesforce and effectively manage relationships with external partners.
  * Select technology solutions and system integrators, negotiate contracts, and manage external delivery partners/vendors.
  * Drive continuous improvement on existing technology platforms to enhance customer and partner experiences, scalability, security, and quality.

**Minimum Requirements** : Typically requires 12+ years of professional
experience and 4+ years of management experience

**Critical Skills**

  * 10+ years of experience and expertise in Salesforce service cloud and/or marketing cloud and/or sales cloud.
  * Knowledge and experience with various tools in the Salesforce ecosystem, such as Salesforce DevOps, GitHub, backup/recovery tools, etc.
  * Deep knowledge of CRM strategy, processes, and best practices.
  * Experience partnering with multiple delivery and AMS vendors on achieving business objectives.
  * Experience in Salesforce release management.

**Additional Skills**

  * Strong leadership skills, with a demonstrated ability to lead through influence in cross-functional environments.
  * Excellent people management skills, with the ability to inspire, develop, and motivate a team of technology professionals.
  * Strong communication, collaboration, and business stakeholder management skills.
  * Proven ability to make sound decisions using intuition, business judgment, and discretion.
  * A team player with a high level of accountability and a proactive attitude towards getting things done.
  * Experience with AI is preferred.

**Physical Requirements**

  * Normal office environment requirements  

**Candidate must authorized to work without sponsorship**

We are proud to offer a competitive compensation package at McKesson as part
of our Total Rewards. This is determined by several factors, including
performance, experience and skills, equity, regular job market evaluations,
and geographical markets. The pay range shown below is aligned with McKesson's
pay philosophy, and pay will always be compliant with any applicable
regulations. In addition to base pay, other compensation, such as an annual
bonus or long-term incentive opportunities may be offered. For more
information regarding benefits at McKesson, please [click
here.](https://careers.mckesson.com/en/benefits)

**Our Base Pay Range for this position**

$155,800 - $259,600

**McKesson is an Equal Opportunity Employer**

McKesson provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees
and is committed to a diverse and inclusive environment without regard to
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, protected veteran status, disability, age or genetic information. For
additional information on McKesson’s full Equal Employment Opportunity
policies, visit our [Equal Employment
Opportunity](https://www.mckesson.com/about-mckesson/eeo-at-mckesson/) page.

**Join us at McKesson!**

[Apply](https://mckesson.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Careers/job/USA-TX-
Irving/Salesforce-Platform-Director_JR0132744-1/apply) Save Job [Explore
Location](/en/job_location/irving/salesforce-platform-
director/733/83587109312/817372)

Back to nav

[ ](/)

### About McKesson

About McKesson

  * [About Us](https://www.mckesson.com/About-McKesson/)
  * [Our Businesses](https://www.mckesson.com/About-McKesson/Our-Businesses/)
  * [McKesson Foundation](https://www.mckesson.com/About-McKesson/Impact/McKesson-Foundation/)
  * [Our Leadership](https://www.mckesson.com/About-McKesson/Executive-Team/)
  * [Newsroom](https://www.mckesson.com/About-McKesson/Newsroom/)
  * [McKesson Ventures](https://ventures.mckesson.com/)
  * [McKesson Canada](https://www.mckesson.ca/)

### Investor Relations

Investor Relations

  * [Financials](https://investor.mckesson.com/financials/quarterly-results/default.aspx)
  * [Financial News](https://investor.mckesson.com/news/default.aspx)

  * [Privacy Notice McKesson Applicants](https://careers.mckesson.com/en/privacy-policy)
  * [Do Not Sell My Personal Information](https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/599133ba-bafa-4e24-8173-6e59b6c96dab/f081c4ff-0e3b-4d07-a79f-30effc0fc255)
  * [cookie settings](/cookie-management)
  * [cybersecurity](https://www.mckesson.com/Cybersecurity/)
  * [sitemap](/sitemap)

  * [Equal Employment Opportunity at McKesson](https://www.mckesson.com/Careers/EEO-at-McKesson/)

© 2025 McKesson Corporation

  * [Glassdoor](https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-McKesson-EI_IE434.11,19.htm)
  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/McKessonCorporation/)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/McKesson/)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/McKesson)
  * [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/McKessoncorporation/)

We use cookies and other tracking technologies to support navigation, to
improve our products and services, to support our marketing activities and to
provide content from third parties.To manage your preferences, select "Manage
Settings" or choose "Accept" to consent to the use of Cookies.

AcceptManage Settings

  
[](https://s.survale.com/4082?a=b&compact=true&width=450)

Loading ...

  *[v]: View this template
  *[t]: Discuss this template
  *[e]: Edit this template

