Skip to content

Agentforce on Salesforce Help handles 1 million support requests.

[ See the full story ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/use-
cases/customer-zero/)

#  Salesforce. The #1 AI CRM.

##  **Grow faster** and  
work smarter.

Start simply with Starter Suite, the all-in-one CRM for small business. Then
scale endlessly with autonomous AI agents, unified data, and CRM apps together
on one integrated platform. And connect with customers in a whole new way.

[ Try for free ](/form/signup/freetrial-salesforce-starter/?d=pb) [ Watch
demos ](/form/demo/small-business/smb-overview/?d=pb)

##  Create a limitless workforce.  
With Agentforce.

Create a digital labor force that works alongside your human workforce. [AI
agents](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/ai-agents/) work 24/7, taking
action and providing support to employees and customers. Free your people to
be more productive, so they can focus on more important stuff.

[ Explore Agentforce ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/) [ Calculate
your ROI ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/ai-agents-roi-calculator/)

Agentforce is trusted by:

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/customer-stories/)

##  Start simply. Scale endlessly.

##  See results on day one with Starter Suite.

Our all-in-one small business solution, [Starter
Suite](https://www.salesforce.com/small-
business/starter/)[,](https://www.salesforce.com/small-business/starter/)
brings sales, service and marketing tools together on a single, easy-to-use
app. There’s nothing to install. Just enter your details and get going, right
in your browser.  
**$25 USD/user/month**[**See full pricing**](https://www.salesforce.com/small-
business/pricing/)

[ Try for free ](https://www.salesforce.com/form/signup/freetrial-salesforce-
starter/?d=pb)

###  Lead, Contact, and Opportunity Management

Capture and track customer data from any source. Keep your team on track with
built-in deal stages. Get recommended next steps to move deals along the
pipeline.

###  Email Marketing

Use AI to create segments, draft a campaign brief, build the campaign, and
write an email — all in just a few minutes.

###  Service Case Management

Unify all your support channels with a single, shared view. Route cases to the
best agent or technician for the job, set priorities, and close more cases.

###  Reporting and Analytics

Get a real-time view of your business with custom dashboards. Get pre-loaded
data to start forecasting from day one, then tailor it to your business over
time.

##  Keep growing with the world's #1 AI CRM.

###  [ Agentforce ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/)

Build and customize autonomous AI agents to support your employees and
customers 24/7.

[ Explore Agentforce ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/)

###  [ Small Business ](https://www.salesforce.com/small-business/)

Help small businesses sell smarter and support faster in a single app.

[ Explore Small Business ](https://www.salesforce.com/small-business/)

###  [ Sales ](https://www.salesforce.com/sales/)

Connect teams, close more deals, and simplify your sales process.

[ Explore Sales ](https://www.salesforce.com/sales/)

###  [ Service ](https://www.salesforce.com/service/)

Manage customer support cases faster across every channel.

[ Explore Service ](https://www.salesforce.com/service/)

###  [ Marketing ](https://www.salesforce.com/marketing/        )

Easily build, personalize, and optimize campaigns and journeys.

[ Explore Marketing ](https://www.salesforce.com/marketing/     )

###  [ Commerce ](https://www.salesforce.com/commerce/  )

Engage buyers online and in-store with B2C and B2B commerce.

[ Explore Commerce ](https://www.salesforce.com/commerce/       )

###  [ Artificial Intelligence ](https://www.salesforce.com/artificial-
intelligence/)

Bring predictive and generative AI experiences to any workflow, user,
department, or industry.

[ Explore AI ](https://www.salesforce.com/artificial-intelligence/)

###  [ Data Cloud ](https://www.salesforce.com/data/)

Unify all your data to power personalized engagement at scale.

[ Explore Data Cloud ](https://www.salesforce.com/data/)

###  [ Salesforce Platform ](https://www.salesforce.com/platform/)

Connect your teams and data with apps built in clicks, not code.

[ Explore Salesforce Platform ](https://www.salesforce.com/platform/)

###  [ Slack ](https://www.salesforce.com/slack/        )

Bring agentic productivity to every team with one work operating system.

[ Explore Slack ](https://www.salesforce.com/slack/     )

###  [ Analytics ](https://www.salesforce.com/analytics/)

Get powerful insights from any data, anytime, anywhere.

[ Explore Analytics ](https://www.salesforce.com/analytics/)

###  [ MuleSoft ](https://www.salesforce.com/mulesoft/)

Connect any app, data, or device — in the cloud or on-premises.

[ Explore MuleSoft ](https://www.salesforce.com/mulesoft/)

###  [ Heroku ](https://www.salesforce.com/products/heroku/overview/)

Build scalable apps on a cloud-based platform made for developers.

[ Explore Heroku ](https://www.salesforce.com/products/heroku/overview/)

###  [ Success and Services ](https://www.salesforce.com/services/)

Maximize your ROI with self-service resources and trusted guidance from our
CRM, AI, and data experts.

[ Explore Success and Services ](https://www.salesforce.com/services/)

[ See all pricing ](https://www.salesforce.com/pricing/)

##  Find the right solution for your company – any size, any industry.

###  [ Financial Services ](https://www.salesforce.com/financial-services/
)

Unlock the most valuable currency: customer trust.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/financial-services/   )

###  [ Retail ](https://www.salesforce.com/retail/      )

Acquire profitable customers faster with unified, real-time data.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/retail/       )

###  [ Healthcare & Life Sciences ](https://www.salesforce.com/healthcare-
life-sciences/        )

Build stronger patient and member relationships on a connected platform.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/healthcare-life-sciences/     )

###  [ Construction & Real Estate ](https://www.salesforce.com/engineering-
construction-real-estate/)

Streamline processes and achieve operational excellence to drive profitability
and growth.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/engineering-construction-real-
estate/)

###  [ Education ](https://www.salesforce.com/education/        )

Elevate the education experience with the #1 AI CRM for learner and
institution success.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/education/    )

###  [ Professional Services ](https://www.salesforce.com/professional-
services/        )

Increase client trust, recruit and retain the right talent, and build a
vibrant work culture.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/professional-services/        )

###  [ Technology ](https://www.salesforce.com/high-tech/)

Automate workflows, unify and integrate data, and thrive in a new era of tech,
powered by trusted AI.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/high-tech/)

###  [ Manufacturing ](https://www.salesforce.com/manufacturing/)

Integrate all your data across a unified value chain to better serve customers
and channel partners.

[ Learn more ](https://www.salesforce.com/manufacturing/)

[ See all industries ](https://www.salesforce.com/industries/   )

##  What is Salesforce?

Salesforce brings together all your data, from any source, so you can act on
it with trusted [AI](https://www.salesforce.com/artificial-intelligence/what-
is-ai/) and automation, all on one integrated
[CRM](https://www.salesforce.com/crm/what-is-crm/) platform. It makes it easy
to find more prospects, close more deals, and connect with customers in a
whole new way. So it’s little wonder
[Salesforce](https://www.salesforce.com/products/what-is-salesforce/) was
named [the world’s #1 CRM](https://www.salesforce.com/campaign/worlds-number-
one-crm/) for 11 years running.

##  Let’s make this easy.

##  Get up and running quickly.

Get started with Starter Suite, the all-in-one CRM app for marketing, sales,
and service.

[ Try for free ](https://www.salesforce.com/form/signup/freetrial-salesforce-
starter/?d=pb)

###  1\. Set up and start.

There’s nothing to install. Simply enter your details and you’re ready to get
going, right in your browser.

###  2\. Connect email and sync contacts.

Sync your email and calendar in a few clicks. You’ll automatically capture and
sync all your data to Salesforce, and use CRM features right where you work.

###  3\. Bring in your data.

Import spreadsheets and connect to data sources like Google. In-app guides
make sure you have clean data imported in minutes.

##  Integrate seamlessly.

Salesforce works with thousands of partner apps and certified consultants to
help you extend Salesforce and boost productivity. All are easily discoverable
on [AppExchange](https://appexchange.salesforce.com/), the leading enterprise
cloud marketplace and home to over 9,000 solutions. Need to connect outside
systems? We’ve got you covered with
[MuleSoft](https://www.salesforce.com/mulesoft/), our API platform.

[ Browse all apps ](https://appexchange.salesforce.com/)

##  Solve problems quickly.

Your success is our top priority. Whatever solution you choose, it comes with
free one-day ticketing and Salesforce alert monitoring, right out of the box.
Need more support? We have a variety of [Success
Plans](https://www.salesforce.com/services/success-plans/) and [Professional
Services](https://www.salesforce.com/services/professional-services/) offering
resources, expert guidance, and the tech support you need to get the most
value from Salesforce.  
  
**Included with all product licenses:**

##  Learn as you grow.

When you’re ready to get up and running on Salesforce, we have all sorts of
people and free resources to help your teams quickly get up to speed. And
we’re always here for you with more learning and support as you continue to
grow with Salesforce.

[ ](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/)

Trailhead

###  [ Help every employee get the Salesforce skills they need.
](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/)

[ Learn for free ](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/events/)

Salesforce+

###  [ Learn more about products at live and on-demand events.
](https://www.salesforce.com/events/)

[ Explore events ](https://www.salesforce.com/events/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/partners/)

AppExchange

###  [ Get the most out of Salesforce with partner apps and experts.
](https://www.salesforce.com/partners/)

[ Explore partners ](https://www.salesforce.com/partners/)

[ ](https://www.salesforce.com/communities/)

Community

###  [ Connect with our customers, partners, and product experts.
](https://www.salesforce.com/communities/)

[ Explore Trailblazer Community ](https://www.salesforce.com/communities/)

##  Don't just take our word for it.

##  See how our customers work smarter, drive automation, and grow revenue.

Companies around the globe see eye-popping results with Salesforce. You can,
too.

Ennube saves time with AI-generated emails.

[ Read the Ennube story > ](https://www.salesforce.com/customer-
stories/ennube-sells-faster-AI/ )

Algo cuts call times with Salesforce automation.

[ Read the Algo story > ](https://www.salesforce.com/customer-stories/algo-
cuts-call-times-with-AI/     )

Inter boosts ROI by personalizing every banking experience.

[ Read the Inter story > ](https://www.salesforce.com/customer-stories/inter-
personalizes-banking-data-ai/      )

##  Hear what the top voices in the industry have to say.

[ See all reports ](https://www.salesforce.com/resources/research-
reports/#!page=1)

###  Salesforce is voted the #1 Global Software Company on G2.

[ Get the report ](https://www.salesforce.com/form/sales/g2-crm-leader-grid-
report/?d=pb)

###  New Valoir research reveals how businesses scale AI agents 16x faster
with Agentforce.

[ Get the report ](https://www.salesforce.com/agentforce/accelerate-agentic-
ai/)

###  Futurum report explains why Agentforce is the fastest path to enterprise
value.

[ Get the report ](https://www.salesforce.com/form/agentforce/maximizing-roi-
with-agentforce/?d=pb)

##  Get started today.

##  There's nothing to install. No credit card required. Free for 30 days.

[ Try for free ](https://www.salesforce.com/form/signup/freetrial-salesforce-
starter/?d=pb)

[](tel:18006649073)

## Cookie Consent Manager

  * ### General Information

  * ### Required Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Advertising Cookies

#### General Information

We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and
advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply.
Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category
and to change the default settings.  
[Privacy Statement](https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/full_privacy/)

#### Required Cookies

Always Active

Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples
include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication
cookies, and security cookies.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the
website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies
used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not
directed to a particular individual.

Cookies Details‎

#### Advertising Cookies

Advertising Cookies

Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a
viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include:
cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Save Settings

Accept All Cookies

[](https://onetrust.com/poweredbyonetrust)

  *[v]: View this template
  *[t]: Discuss this template
  *[e]: Edit this template

