This is a preview. This ad will run at the top of the page as expected when
running (or previewing) on your website

[
](//sponsors.salesforceben.com:443/click/1209663/c815342/z168830?preview=true&preview=true)

✕

[ ](https://www.salesforceben.com/sf-ben-salesforce-admin-survey-
results-2025-download-now/)

Skip to content

[](https://www.salesforceben.com/)

  * [Events](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-events/)
  * [Career](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/career/)
  * [AppAssessor](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/appassessor/)
  * [Salesforce News](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/news/)
  * Articles by Role
    * [Admins](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/admins/)
    * [DevOps](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/devops/)
    * [Developers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/developers/)
    * [Marketers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/marketers/)
    * [Consultants](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/consultants/)
    * [Architects](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/architects/)
    * [Business Analysts](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/business-analysts/)

  * [Where to Start](https://www.salesforceben.com/where-to-start/)
  * [Salesforce Certification List](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-certifications/)
  * [How to Get Certified](https://www.salesforceben.com/get-salesforce-certified/)
  * Free Salesforce Practice Exams
    * [Admin Practice Exam](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-admin-practice-exam/)
    * [Platform App Builder Practice Exam](https://www.salesforceben.com/free-salesforce-platform-app-builder-practice-exam-with-answers/)
    * [Platform Developer 1 Practice Exam](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-platform-developer-1-practice-exams/)
  * [How to Get a Job in Salesforce](https://www.salesforceben.com/ultimate-guide-to-getting-a-job-in-salesforce/)

## Find us on:

[ ](https://www.instagram.com/salesforceben) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/salesforce-ben) [
](https://twitter.com/salesforceben) [
](https://www.youtube.com/@OfficialSFBen)

[](https://www.salesforceben.com/)

  * [Events](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-events/)
  * [Career](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/career/)
  * [AppAssessor](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/appassessor/)
  * [Salesforce News](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/news/)
  * Articles by Role

## Articles by role:

    * [Admins](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/admins/)
    * [DevOps](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/devops/)
    * [Developers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/developers/)
    * [Marketers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/marketers/)
    * [Consultants](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/consultants/)
    * [Architects](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/architects/)
    * [Business Analysts](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/business-analysts/)

## Featured

[The Great Salesforce Job Market ResetBy Sasha SemjonovaDecember 09,
2024](https://www.salesforceben.com/the-great-salesforce-job-market-
reset/)[How to Avoid Bad Salesforce Partners: The Three-Question TestBy Jon
ClineJanuary 08, 2025](https://www.salesforceben.com/how-to-avoid-bad-
salesforce-partners-the-three-question-test/)

[](mailto:?subject=Salesforce%20Winter%20%E2%80%9826%20Release%3A%20What%20to%20Expect%20and%20How%20to%20Prepare&body=I
thought you might find this article interesting:
https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-winter-26-release-what-to-expect-and-
how-to-prepare/) [](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-winter-26-release-what-
to-expect-and-how-to-prepare/)
[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-
winter-26-release-what-to-expect-and-how-to-prepare/)
[](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-
winter-26-release-what-to-expect-and-how-to-prepare/&text=Salesforce Winter
‘26 Release: What to Expect and How to Prepare)

Search

  * [Newsletter](https://www.salesforceben.com/newsletters/)

  * [user](https://courses.salesforceben.com/wp-login.php)
    * [Courses Login](https://courses.salesforceben.com/wp-login.php)

Primary Menu

  * [Events](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-events/)
  * [Career](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/career/)
  * [AppAssessor](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/appassessor/)
  * [Salesforce News](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/news/)
  * Articles by Role

## Articles by role:

    * [Admins](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/admins/)
    * [DevOps](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/devops/)
    * [Developers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/developers/)
    * [Marketers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/marketers/)
    * [Consultants](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/consultants/)
    * [Architects](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/architects/)
    * [Business Analysts](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/business-analysts/)

## Featured

[The Great Salesforce Job Market ResetBy Sasha SemjonovaDecember 09,
2024](https://www.salesforceben.com/the-great-salesforce-job-market-
reset/)[How to Avoid Bad Salesforce Partners: The Three-Question TestBy Jon
ClineJanuary 08, 2025](https://www.salesforceben.com/how-to-avoid-bad-
salesforce-partners-the-three-question-test/)

## What's trending

[Salesforce Winter ‘26 Release: What to Expect and How to Prepare
](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-winter-26-release-what-to-expect-
and-how-to-prepare/)

[25+ Non-Salesforce Certifications to Boost Your Resume in 2025
](https://www.salesforceben.com/non-salesforce-certifications-to-boost-your-
resume/)

[How Business Analysts Can Use AI in the Salesforce Project Lifecycle
](https://www.salesforceben.com/how-business-analysts-can-use-ai-in-the-
salesforce-project-lifecycle/)

[Ultimate Guide to Einstein Activity Capture: Sync Email as Activity and More
](https://www.salesforceben.com/ultimate-guide-to-einstein-activity-capture-
sync-email-as-activity-and-more/)

[SaaS is Still On the Slowdown: What This Means for Salesforce
](https://www.salesforceben.com/saas-is-still-on-the-slowdown-what-this-means-
for-salesforce/)

[](https://www.validity.com/demandtools/duplicate-
management/#dedupe/?utm_source=paid-
media&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=dt_sfben_q32024&utm_content=reparent-
merge "Duplicates got you down bad?")

[](https://www.autorabit.com/get-a-risk-
analysis/?utm_source=advertising&utm_medium=web&utm_campaign=salesforceben&utm_content=guard-
dc "Sensitive Data. Hidden in fields. Flows, Apex and custom objects carry
risk. Get a risk analysis.")

## UPCOMING EVENTS

[](https://www.salesforce.com/form/platform/data-archiving-
playbook?d=701ed00000W6RWCAA3&nc=701ed00000W6RO7AAN&utm_source=sfben&utm_medium=display&utm_campaign=us_itlobaw&utm_content=data_archiving_playbook_701ed00000W6RWCAA3&ban=us_sfben
"Clean up your org, speed up performance - with Archive")

[](https://hubs.ly/Q02XhR3k0 "Elevate Experience Cloud with document
automation and e-Signature")

[](javascript:history.go\(-1\))

Share

[](mailto:?subject=Salesforce%20Winter%20%E2%80%9826%20Release%3A%20What%20to%20Expect%20and%20How%20to%20Prepare&body=I
thought you might find this article interesting:
https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-winter-26-release-what-to-expect-and-
how-to-prepare/) [](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-winter-26-release-what-
to-expect-and-how-to-prepare/)
[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-
winter-26-release-what-to-expect-and-how-to-prepare/)
[](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-
winter-26-release-what-to-expect-and-how-to-prepare/&text=Salesforce Winter
‘26 Release: What to Expect and How to Prepare)

[Releases](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/releases/) /
[Admins](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/admins/)

# Salesforce Winter ‘26 Release: What to Expect and How to Prepare

By Tom Bassett

July 07, 2025

You’d be right to think that the [Summer ‘25
Release](https://www.salesforceben.com/13-hottest-salesforce-
summer-25-features-for-admins/) has only just been and gone. With three major
updates each year, Salesforce likes to keep us on our toes – and it’s now time
to prepare for the Winter ‘26 Release.

If you fail to prepare, features or functionality may break when the release
is rolled out to orgs. That’s why it’s important to be proactive rather than
reactive. This batch of release updates is due to be actioned by **September
2025**.

[](http://go.plauti.com/Getguide-LeadAssign "Record assignment build for
Salesforce pros")

## Preparation

Release updates should be enabled in a sandbox first so you can test any
impacts on your systems or ways of working.

If you have a developer-type skillset, you can use SFDX tools to search your
Salesforce metadata for references that could be impacted by this update and
use tools such as [Salesforce Inspector
Reloaded](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-inspector-reloaded/) or
Workbench to query records or permissions.

Salesforce may sometimes delay enforcement of a release update or cancel it
altogether. Be sure to check the release notes for the latest changes, as
things can change or shift around!

**[ READ MORE:  Ultimate Guide to Salesforce Release Updates
](https://www.salesforceben.com/ultimate-guide-to-salesforce-release-updates/)
**

## Salesforce Winter ‘26 Release

When the Winter ‘26 Release arrives in your Salesforce org, a number of
release updates will be auto-enabled. These updates can change behaviour, so
be sure to test changes ahead of time so that you can make any necessary
adjustments.

This article will provide generic steps on how to prepare your org for the
updates. These are provided as a guideline, so there could be additional steps
or actions if your org is customized.

If you have any managed packages, then functionality within could also be
impacted by the changes. If you suspect this may be the case, then reach out
to the provider to check.

When making changes, be sure to complete them initially in your sandbox
environments, thoroughly test them, and then deploy onwards to your Production
org. Usually, you’d have a number of sandboxes before your live system, so
rinse and repeat the process for each environment.

When it comes to deploying changes to a Production system, plan this outside
of core working hours and allocate time for testing, so that you can revert
changes before users are impacted.

### Confirm Verified Email Addresses for Users Created in 2016 and Earlier

#### What Does This Impact?

If you have users created on or before **November 1, 2016** , then they could
be impacted by this update. Once enforced, users require a verified email
address to send emails from Salesforce. If their email address is not
verified, then users can no longer send emails.

**No Code:**

  * Create a list view of users created before or on November 1, 2016 where the email is unverified.
  * Filter by:
    * Created Date <= November 1, 2016
    * User Verified Email = False
    * Active = True
  * Add in Created Date and User Verified Email under “Selected Fields to Display” to get a complete view.

**Pro Code:**

  * Run the following query:
    * `SELECT Id, User.Name, User.Email, User.LastLoginDate, User.CreatedDate, HasUserVerifiedEmailAddress FROM TwoFactorMethodsInfo where User.IsActive = true and HasUserVerifiedEmailAddress = false and user.CreatedDate <= 2016-11-02T00:00:00Z`

#### How Can I Prepare in a Sandbox?

Use the list view or a SOQL query to identify impacted users. If results are
returned, those users are actively using the sandbox and need to send emails.
Proceed to send an email verification link to each impacted user. To do this,
navigate to their user record and click “[Verify]” next to the email address.

Verification links expire after 72 hours, so check in every couple of days
using your list view or query to see if users have completed the verification.

Alternatively, you can set up a DKIM key for your email domain. For more
information, refer to [Authorize a Domain for Return Email
Verification](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=xcloud.security_user_email_verification_domain_auth.htm&type=5).

#### How Can I Prepare in Production?

Use either the No-Code or Pro-Code method to find impacted users. If results
are returned, navigate to each user record and press “Verify” next to the
email field.

Check the status every 72 hours to ensure users have completed the action in
time for the update enforcement.

_For the purposes of this screenshot, fields and filters have been adjusted to
display records._

**[ READ MORE:  Confirm Verified Email Addresses for Users Created in 2016 and
Earlier (Release Update)
](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-
notes.rn_confirm_verified_email_addresses.htm&language=en_US&release=256&type=5)
**

### Enable Secure Roles Behavior and Update Sharing Group References in
Production

#### What Does This Impact?

You may remember from a previous release that Salesforce made changes
regarding roles and sharing group references, but only in sandbox
environments.

Starting with Winter ‘26, the same updates will need to be applied in
Production instances for things to continue working as expected.

If you have references to “Roles and Subordinates,” you’ll need to update
these to “Role and Internal Subordinates” for the impacted functionality to
continue running as expected.

**No Code and Pro Code:**

  * Search for references to:
    * Roles and Subordinates
    * roleAndSubordinates
    * RoleAndSubordinates
    * roleAndSubordinate
  * References could appear in SOQL queries, Apex, flows, components, API integrations, and other metadata.

#### How Can I Prepare in a Sandbox?

Salesforce enforced the change in behavior in the Summer ‘25 Release for
sandboxes, so it’s likely you’ve already updated your sandboxes for the new
behavior.

You’ll need to deploy these changes to your Production environment. Before
doing so, make sure there aren’t any references that won’t be updated by your
deployment, in case the Production and sandbox environments are out of sync.

If things are out of sync, create a new sandbox or refresh an existing one to
update references in a test environment first, before deploying all related
changes to Production. When refreshing a sandbox, be sure to back up any
changes that aren’t deployed elsewhere to avoid losing this work!

#### How Can I Prepare in Production?

Prepare to deploy any changes from sandboxes within a deployment window
outside of core working hours. Deploy changes to production, enable the test
run, and then retest the impacted functionality. This way, if issues are
found, there is time to roll back the changes and disable the test run with
minimal impact on users.

**[ READ MORE:  Enable Secure Roles Behavior and Update Sharing Group
References in Production (Release Update)
](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-
notes.rn_sharing_secure_roles_production.htm&language=en_US&release=256&type=5)
**

### Restrict User Access to Run Flows

This update was covered in the [Salesforce Winter ‘25 Release: What to Expect
and How to Prepare](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-
winter-25-release-what-to-expect-and-how-to-prepare/) article. Please review
the “Restrict User Access to Run Flows” section to learn how to prepare if you
haven’t already made the switch in all your environments.

**[ READ MORE:  Restrict User Access to Run Flows (Release Update)
](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-
notes.rn_automate_flow_release_update_restrict_user_access.htm&language=en_US&release=256&type=5)
**

### Update Permissions for Agentforce Service Assistant Users

#### What Does This Impact?

Salesforce is adjusting the permission required for users who access
[Agentforce Service
Assistant](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=service.sp_intro.htm&type=5).
Currently, it is accessible to those with a Salesforce license, but will be
removed when this update is enforced.

Make sure any users who need to continue using this functionality are assigned
the **Service Planner User** Permission Set License before this update is
enforced.

**No Code and Pro Code:**

  * Set up [Service Assistant Metrics](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=service.sp_performance.htm&type=5) to understand who is using this feature and how it is being used.

#### How Can I Prepare in a Sandbox and Production?

Assign the Service Planner User Permission Set License to users who currently
use Service Assistant.

**[ READ MORE:  Update Permissions for Agentforce Service Assistant Users
(Release Update) ](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-
notes.rn_sp_release_update.htm&language=en_US&release=256&type=5) **

### Other Changes

The update formerly known as “Enforce Permission Requirements Defined on
Built-In Apex Classes Used as Inputs” has been renamed to “[Enforcing No-
Argument Constructor on Apex Classes Used for Invocable Action
Parameters](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-
notes.rn_automate_flow_release_update_enforce_perm_requirements_on_built_in_apex_classes.htm&release=256&type=5)”.
Salesforce has postponed enforcement of this update until the Summer ‘26
release.

Salesforce was planning to retire the Frequency and Frequency Type fields on
the Maintenance Plan object in Field Service. This has been canceled, and so
the related release update, “[Migrate from Maintenance Plan Frequency Fields
to Maintenance Work
Rules](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-
notes.rn_fieldservice_256_operations_migrationru.htm&release=256&type=5)” has
also been canceled.

## Summary

By planning ahead for the upcoming changes, you can prioritize them against
other changes to ensure your systems are updated in time. Stay tuned for more
content on the Winter ‘26 Release.

### Other Resources

  * [Salesforce Summer ’25 Release Notes](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-notes.salesforce_release_notes.htm&release=256&type=5)
  * [Salesforce Summer ‘25 Release Updates Release Notes](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-notes.rn_ru.htm&release=256&type=5)

[](https://explore.flosum.com/state-of-
devops-2025.html?utm_source=SFBen&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=stateofdevops_2025&utm_term=JJ
"74% of teams say releases are getting more complex. Find out what's behind
the slowdown in the 2025 DevOps report.")

## The Author

#### Tom Bassett

Tom is a 33x Trailhead certified, 2x Slack certified, and an 11x accredited
professional with over six years of experience in the Salesforce ecosystem.

[More Articles from Tom](https://www.salesforceben.com/author/tom-bassett/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomforce92) [](https://x.com/CRMTom92)

## More like this:

[ ReleasesSalesforce Winter ‘26 Release Date + Preview InformationBy Ben
McCarthyJuly 09, 2025 ](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-
winter-26-release-date-preview-information/)

[ ReleasesSalesforce Summer ‘25 Release: Everything You Need to Know Before
Go-LiveBy Tim CombridgeMay 12, 2025
](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-summer-25-release-everything-you-
need-to-know-before-go-live/)

[ Releases15 Summer ‘25 Updates Salesforce Marketers Need to KnowBy Lucy
MazalonApril 28, 2025 ](https://www.salesforceben.com/15-summer-25-updates-
salesforce-marketers-need-to-know/)

Add comment

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/salesforce-winter-26-release-what-to-expect-
and-how-to-prepare/#respond)

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name and email in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Newsletter:

By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and [Privacy Policy](/privacy-
policy/).

Δ

## Find us on:

[ ](https://www.instagram.com/salesforceben) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/salesforce-ben) [
](https://twitter.com/salesforceben) [
](https://www.youtube.com/@OfficialSFBen)

[](https://www.salesforceben.com/)

Salesforce Ben  
Third Floor Library Building  
Sun Street  
Tewkesbury  
Gloucestershire  
United Kingdom  
GL20 5NX

  * [Where to Start](https://www.salesforceben.com/where-to-start/)
  * [Salesforce Certification List](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-certifications/)
  * [How to Get Certified](https://www.salesforceben.com/get-salesforce-certified/)
  * Free Salesforce Practice Exams
    * [Admin Practice Exam](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-admin-practice-exam/)
    * [Platform App Builder Practice Exam](https://www.salesforceben.com/free-salesforce-platform-app-builder-practice-exam-with-answers/)
    * [Platform Developer 1 Practice Exam](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-platform-developer-1-practice-exams/)
  * [How to Get a Job in Salesforce](https://www.salesforceben.com/ultimate-guide-to-getting-a-job-in-salesforce/)

  * [Events](https://www.salesforceben.com/salesforce-events/)
  * [Career](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/career/)
  * [AppAssessor](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/appassessor/)
  * [Salesforce News](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/news/)
  * Articles by Role

  * [Admins](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/admins/)
  * [DevOps](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/devops/)
  * [Developers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/developers/)
  * [Marketers](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/marketers/)
  * [Consultants](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/consultants/)
  * [Architects](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/architects/)
  * [Business Analysts](https://www.salesforceben.com/category/business-analysts/)

  * [About Us](https://www.salesforceben.com/about/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.salesforceben.com/contact/)
  * [Write For Us](https://www.salesforceben.com/write-for-us/)
  * [Influencer Program](https://www.salesforceben.com/influencer-program/)
  * [Advertise With Us](https://www.salesforceben.com/advertise-with-us/)
  * [Pledge 1%](https://www.salesforceben.com/what-is-pledge-1/)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.salesforceben.com/privacy-policy/)
  * Change Cookie Preferences
  * [Log in to Courses](https://courses.salesforceben.com/wp-login.php)

© 2014-2025 SalesforceBen.com

Close

✕

[
](https://www.salesforce.com/crm/foundations/?d=701ed00000EYaU4AAL&utm_campaign=amer_smb_foundations_sfben&utm_content=display_dedicated&utm_medium=email&utm_source=sfben)

  *[v]: View this template
  *[t]: Discuss this template
  *[e]: Edit this template

