#

•

###

###

NaN / NaN

Back

[ ](/ "YouTube Home")

Skip navigation

Search

Search with your voice

[ ](/ "YouTube Home")

# Salesforce

@salesforce

•

831K subscribers•1.4K videos

Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, where humans with agents drive customer success
together. Through Agentforce, our groundbreaking suite of customizable agents
and tools, Salesforce brings autonomous agents, unified data from any source,
accessible analytics, and best-in-class apps together on one integrated
platform to help companies connect with customers in a whole new way.
...moreSalesforce is the #1 AI CRM, where humans with agents drive customer
success together. Through Agentforce, our groundbreaking suite of customizable
agents and tools, Salesforce brings autonomous agents, unified data from any
source, accessible analytics, and best-in-class apps together on one
integrated platform to help companies connect with customers in a whole new
way. ...more...more

[salesforce.com](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=channel_header&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbklCeTgtWlBqVXByUGVqUG1sNERVSXctNXJ0d3xBQ3Jtc0trMUlVR083NVpXc01maWhtbkY0VEM3Mm1EZHJ6d2k1VXhHeDdDc0diX1otT09XWHVRLVFJMU96cjBIdnhMbVVITWVQTWlMYWZLVURTQTFyZFhtcW1qVWlmM1hPR3J1WUd0aWJHcmFGeE5OdWFORnpKUQ&q=https%3A%2F%2Fsalesforce.com)[and
4 more links](javascript:void\(0\);)

Subscribe

Home

Videos

Shorts

Live

Podcasts

Courses

Playlists

Posts



Search

[Connections 2025: Main Keynote](/watch?v=L-xmdQdS2n8)

•

•

195,894 views Streamed 4 weeks ago

AI agents will power the customer relationships of tomorrow. Connections is
the only event for reimagining your strategy and leading the way with agentic
marketing. Tune in for expert insights and real-world strategies you can apply
right away. [#salesforce](/hashtag/salesforce) Subscribe to Salesforce’s
YouTube Channel:
[http://bit.ly/SalesforceSubscribe](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbWJscXIzSHdQa3doei1yc3dUd1ZJdWh6Vkkwd3xBQ3Jtc0ttZ29WaGt4QVNlNVZYb2MxaXFfLUN2VGM1aVdrWE4wWkNON0hOeXp5dnhsMFpoZVJjazVlSndPQzBsQ18wS2xHdlhjaThTc21DdHd6QlZ5cnk1YUh2U09nVS05WHhocXk5WVVXR1pwNnBkMnlld0NyZw&q=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FSalesforceSubscribe)
Learn more about Salesforce:
[https://www.salesforce.com](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbDVPb2dseFdSdWJJMkhuSVkxaUlGUVl2dVp5d3xBQ3Jtc0tuT1gwSHM2MWFuNDYyWkFjblN4YlBrSi1yajJqMktyVXh2UWlvUk5TNHNlUDdJcmN5RkdINUt4N2MwOUtBZEd5QjVSTW83clVzT3gxOHFHak9JMWNvZUVOeWdreS03S1NUX3ctcks5UWpHeVJhMy1LZw&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.salesforce.com%2F)
Facebook:
[https://www.facebook.com/salesforce](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbk9mUFpBcFhTS1ZQY0NCeWhSM0M3SmxCQWNBUXxBQ3Jtc0tsVlgzdkhqREVBWTJxanR0ck5wSWRSOHh6UFNzS0xWelJPN0hEa3J5bFFjOEpORW45d0pBaVl6d1hBUHZmb2ZVMlg1Mndad19waGtQRl96c0llSENmd0YtUTB2V01mYjRlWTg0RFV1VFVrTUhfaW1NZw&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fsalesforce)
Twitter:
[https://www.twitter.com/salesforce](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1owZ096ZUR6UVRJa3ZhR2Y4TkNlQVhHS0RYd3xBQ3Jtc0tsc1dhOVhBZFlHUDM2NXh4ZVZIMk5wYmctWnNhNEE2aWhoNjdDTjRQRjJJNnJWbzB4Q20wQXo0Zjc1MlM4LWIxajNmZS1HNzhaYlNtZGpvREVINzFvcFZoRXU5SXR6b1dHMjBYSHJKOGNhaFdFbXpGOA&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.twitter.com%2Fsalesforce)
Instagram:
[https://www.instagram.com/salesforce](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbmkyUE5lV2FBU2JGcEdKTmZnUWFzejhYT1AtZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttWWdvbndzMTk4emRCdEg3QWc2LUl1MlU3NTUyOHBnd0xXeENZUWEzSkdkcDRLU0tINEluNklaMlNXR19EU193d0J2Ny12N1RKOGFRc0F1RC1xVHdVODBVNEZMc3hBM0pNWGVMUzJBalUyYjIzRk5SSQ&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fsalesforce)
LinkedIn:
[https://www.linkedin.com/company/sale...](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqa0VzeGZybnNySVJmVXNUUGpkbGZzQXQ0dVMyZ3xBQ3Jtc0trb0pOSklQVHRZLVNkTk5YM0h3bHFJQVBWbklYZVF6RWNUTlhDdUdwN3JhOHh4emxuOVIzTDhiN3lPNW83SWVrN09xeENjSzlZbzFLeFRPcU5lMThiajZRSXQ4VFctZ2JFeEM5S1FTY0dpZkJFeXJnTQ&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fsalesforce)
About Salesforce: Improve customer relationships with Salesforce, the #1 AI
CRM where humans with agents drive customer success together. Our integrated
platform pairs your unified customer data with trusted agents that can assist,
take action autonomously, and hand off seamlessly to your employees in sales,
service, marketing, commerce, and more. Disclaimer: This video is for
demonstration purposes only. All account data depicted is fictional and does
not contain personally identifiable information (PII). This content is
intended solely to illustrate product functionality in a simulated
environment. Subscribe to Salesforce’s YouTube Channel:
[http://bit.ly/SalesforceSubscribe](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbmFFWWxBRWlxZm9pTHBTQnBFak9hNHdvYmdqd3xBQ3Jtc0tsbVQyWXlVZjlyRlZfZDlVbUllQkJXS3RpQmlxMXZsNUpreXJTRFJIeURXOXlPTlUyUXdpNno1Mzlzai1SQVFFckh6RFZmZU9FaTZfRnpQRkw1b2xmUTlaQ2ducmg0U1VnWkIzZGZna3o3SXZVYml6OA&q=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FSalesforceSubscribe)
Learn more about Salesforce:
[https://www.salesforce.com](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbk1Hb1ZhTVV0QVFZaGRkWTc2STdXdVp6c2lCZ3xBQ3Jtc0trLTBvRURrYm9SYjRpUlBZeVlZSDBkQ3pWdDJCUGZwdE9mT3dVMmZVQlhHV1ZSYlhBNEFVUHVDSDE1MEprS3J2SGUteVhyTjlqLWtnaDFlOGN1ZVFlR212dENMZzQ1Z2pwVEV2dlU4bUxJWlNsSGtNMA&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.salesforce.com%2F)
Facebook:
[https://www.facebook.com/salesforce](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGJaVk9ydXdTNE1SWHJWNkhTVUdaSmVxZDRrUXxBQ3Jtc0trQUVUVHpFV0U3bE92S01BdHdSOWozQzRwUGNhSEJzVHRrZ3dzQnlNc1lmel9wZ3Fxc0x0QVJfUHZEQ3puQ2d0ZnYxTFJFemk2UFRTRmNNOTlZQllQbWlsUXQ2TFJkcUhHRlZvUVpsb2JXcG9hZzI3cw&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fsalesforce)
Twitter:
[https://www.twitter.com/salesforce](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqblVNYTgzSWw1MzUzMExhSVgwQ0pDUllGVDE5QXxBQ3Jtc0tublF1Ulh5ZWxKY3JqU2FzNEZJZXFoVkhCNlZOTTZzVGhkNGNUNTVmYzdKU0xWTHdnOERiYnBLRkNnRjJtamY2NFQ2NUtNd2RKSlIxZ1VlN2pDRkRobDJ6OUU5WEFxaTRjQVhVbTZTRlgxN0lLQTdCNA&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.twitter.com%2Fsalesforce)
Instagram:
[https://www.instagram.com/salesforce](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqazhyeEtoMnhoMFN3N29lRmg1cWlLMllFZXZyZ3xBQ3Jtc0tudHM2dHp1LUVfYUttZ2pjRVUxZnZadTlNUWQwbHVxZkJGOXJQNk9yVUFjbWlsSWtxTTJxYTgxbWVqM0x2VDJyYzdzOEFOZkQxaUpsQUJnRWRMM1oyQzRPQXF1N3c5Vk1VU3p3dk8wVU9fYzAtUU9qaw&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fsalesforce)
LinkedIn:
[https://www.linkedin.com/company/sale...](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbTNsbjZ1Y21PT1BCbG9mLTRHVFUydl9XTHZuQXxBQ3Jtc0trYXJ2aGp2NHNBbFNJb1dMMURGV0R6NU50TnVSZWJtMC1zdEZhMkNWYWVNbDJaV3VyeDVqeGp2eDFtVW5uYWR2YkU3ZmxTcFBxTUhzOEpqQ1FBclNxbmtHVXFsV2dTMXF5RGY2Ykg4UGlodUdySUpJVQ&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fsalesforce)
About Salesforce: Improve customer relationships with Salesforce, the #1 AI
CRM where humans with agents drive customer success together. Our integrated
platform pairs your unified customer data with trusted agents that can assist,
take action autonomously, and hand off seamlessly to your employees in sales,
service, marketing, commerce, and more. Disclaimer: This video is for
demonstration purposes only. All account data depicted is fictional and does
not contain personally identifiable information (PII). This content is
intended solely to illustrate product functionality in a simulated
environment.

[Read more](/watch?v=L-xmdQdS2n8)

##

[ ](/playlist?list=PLnobS_RgN7JYy1nb5elNEExQFlIPa-2m_ "Agentforce")

[ Agentforce ](/playlist?list=PLnobS_RgN7JYy1nb5elNEExQFlIPa-2m_)

[Play all](/watch?v=8DNyqWrBBbI&list=PLnobS_RgN7JYy1nb5elNEExQFlIPa-2m_)

Humans with Agents drive customer success!

[ ](/watch?v=8DNyqWrBBbI)

### [Agentic Interoperability: Unlocking the Future of Enterprise AI | Salesforce, Box & Seismic](/watch?v=8DNyqWrBBbI "Agentic Interoperability: Unlocking the Future of Enterprise AI | Salesforce, Box & Seismic")

[Salesforce](/@salesforce)

Salesforce

156K views2 weeks ago

CC

[ ](/watch?v=PxcPTDBNsrY)

### [How Agentforce MCP Support Connects Agents to your Tools with
Trust](/watch?v=PxcPTDBNsrY "How Agentforce MCP Support Connects Agents to
your Tools with Trust")

[Salesforce](/@salesforce)

Salesforce

5.5K views2 weeks ago

CC

[ ](/watch?v=k3SR8SgRkDM)

### [Investing in Coastal Communities and Resilience with Agentforce and
ORRAA](/watch?v=k3SR8SgRkDM "Investing in Coastal Communities and Resilience
with Agentforce and ORRAA")

[Salesforce](/@salesforce)

Salesforce

2K views1 month ago

CC

[ ](/watch?v=EgqvCqofoe8)

### [Prudential Saves Sales time with Salesforce
Agentforce](/watch?v=EgqvCqofoe8 "Prudential Saves Sales time with Salesforce
Agentforce")

[Salesforce](/@salesforce)

Salesforce

2.7K views1 month ago

CC

[ ](/watch?v=dqqaEaoJpm8)

### [Indeed Accelerates Job Matches with Agentforce | Salesforce](/watch?v=dqqaEaoJpm8 "Indeed Accelerates Job Matches with Agentforce | Salesforce")

[Salesforce](/@salesforce)

Salesforce

2.3K views1 month ago

CC

[ ](/watch?v=N2W1YNKVKcE)

### [How to Build Task-Specific Highly Specialized Agents for Every
Employee](/watch?v=N2W1YNKVKcE "How to Build Task-Specific Highly Specialized
Agents for Every Employee")

[Salesforce](/@salesforce)

Salesforce

2K views1 month ago

CC

  *[v]: View this template
  *[t]: Discuss this template
  *[e]: Edit this template

